another two sitting comfortably a hot
shower again it's a very big big big
scope movie probably the biggest movie
I've ever done
we try to make this contemporary as we
possibly can to make it gritty in
summary is ringing jaw fractured three
ribs cracked Holmes was the first
Western martial artist the whole thing
is being reinvented as something much
more dynamic there's a magnifying glass
inside a witness stated that he saw Lord
Blackwood rise from the graves and want
you to find him and stop it that'll take
every ounce of my not inconsiderable
experience to see Watson he's a form of
superhero
his superpower I feel like is his brain
but with that power he pays a price for
the issues that come with being genius
kill the dog again
I was simply testing a new anesthetic
he's a mind like any rate superhero he's
got his demons and his dark side and
that's why he needs watts and they have
a great you know relationship and become
very good friends off screen and it's
really fun to see them and work together
get that out of my face it's not in your
face it's in my hand
that was in your hand out of my face
they've been flirting like this for
hours
we've added much more modern visceral
energy
there's the refined quality too and at
the same time very rough and tumble
what we have in robot is that movie star
with a perfect English accent the
perfect physicality is the perfect
intellect you cannot think of a more
powerful cars there's so many cases and
so many adventures they can't blows my
mind
wasn't what have you done
Watson um you have the grand gift of
silence makes you quite invaluable
companion ah